# Reflection - so far

Unfortunately, I am still not done with this project, I have only organized the form validation and pushing the info into an object. I havent hit any major headache moments, aside from the very beginning, when I kept getting frustrated thinking my blog title event listener was written incorrectly, only to realize i didnt link the javascript to the page. For now i can anticipate that the edit feature will be the most difficult, especially since we have already handled deleting dynamic updates to the dom in lab 1. 

Labs 1 and 2 as well as the 4th SBA have also been a resource, especially lab 2, which took a while, but really helped to cement an understanding of form validation. I wish i was doing more than just this readme, but life started lifin today. This will be done though.

Finished 7/9

As i stated in the initial portion of my reflection, the edit button gave me the biggest challeneg, and the pain point was mostly communication between the dom and js. That was also a big issue i had in sba4, and what excites me with learning more about oop, i feel like typescript was made because of people like me lol. But the big issue i had was that i wanted to change the post content on the edit, but instead i was replacing the the whole post list, and then getting an issue rendering the list when i hit save(because the only thing that existed is the editable post which i could see)

Another that gave me a little pause was creating the render function, and rendering the items from the blog list, as opposed to taking advantage of the fact that the method of rendering was already inside the addItem event listeners. Keeping track of variables get a little confusing for me(or in this case properly referencing the information you want for the variables you need.)

I notice that i prefer to focus on the most visual things first and then work from there. For instance, the first functions i worked on were the post title and post content input. I think it's a confidence thing where i can get a visual cue that I'm on the right track. That paired with some practice in breaking down problems has been very helpful. 

I honestly feel like a lot of the struggles from lab 2 and sba 4 helped a lot in this code. I definitely handed it in late, but i believe it to be because of how long i took on the other projects. This time around i still definitely took more time than whats projected on the module, but much much less than the others. I think particularly because this time around, my mind was a little better geared for looking at the errors that came and really honing in on where the issues come from. Almost like the others were teaching me how to really identify the source of my errors, to having better answers more quickly, or i guess debugging efficiently. This with the lessons we've had on typescript help give me a deep appreciation for the struggles faced up until this point, because i really feel like I've learned a lot about coding, as well as myself contextualizing the last 6 weeks through this project. In the end, its the reps and the bumping your head that build true knowledge, and i understand about myself, that my apprehension and aversion to making mistakes means I'm gonna have to dig a little deeper to really understand where I'm going. But i can feel my confidence rising, and when I'm facing challenges, its no longer 'can i do it' but rather 'how will i do it.' Just gotta keep choppin wood.

